Sister Huai
You are
What's up?
Uncle is fine
He will be your subordinate from now on
Please, Miss Jiang.
Part-time job at 7pm tonight
Mr. Su, just call me the rest privately.
Ah, that's right.
You are a college classmate of Huai Jing
Then do you know about his ex-wife?
I'm actually not very familiar with Mr. Zhou
So I don't know about these things.
After all, people like him
How can I stand by Huaijing?
Huai Jing hated him
So I don't talk about him often
You don't know, it's normal
I'll go up first. OK.
He hates me.
Also normal
Feisusu
Are you coming to the class reunion next week?
Susu
I really have something to do next week, I know, hang up
Okay?
I've known since college that you're not a pond plant
Now it seems...
And so it did.
Let's have a toast
Just lucky
No, I spelled f before dating 7 years ago.
I guess I regret divorcing Bai Ji to death
Company business
I'll go first
Hey Baijie Baijie
Excuse me?